so I'm in front of the era art bar where
the United States just beat Algeria won
the nothing to advance in Group C play
in the World Cup
amazing amazing game it's unbelievable
unbelievable game this is what happened
this is how the crowd reacted to it
that's a good thing just shot those two
goals take it back and then get it right
at the end there it's just like it's
like a movie it's like we're base let's
set the plot up like that what you think
fantastic
that's team ever us can win great game
great finished 92nd minute we're gonna
go back that's great yeah yeah it's good
turnout we always have a good turn off
the World Cup it's gonna get crazier
crazyer who's so crazy
no no us really yes yeah that was the
biggest crowd yeah but what'd you come
up with what you think on the hole
about time I know I was getting a little
nervous because all these demands are
expected to continue on but uh seems
like that's the u.s. is waiting but yeah
you know white paper so last minute yeah
we do it definitely
so so you ever get crazier hey tell my
folks your address but era are
bar/lounge
until the order of random Broadway nope
in Oakland so that's it folks the United
States advances shocking fashion if
you're in Oakland California can catch
the World Cup right here at erä art
design bar great place right here on
Grand Avenue this is crab de Avenue and
that's Broadway alright see you